we are proud to present the winner of
the wholesome Awards gold for Europe the
prize goes to Francisco Leyva of grouper
aranea in Alicante and Marcos Cap'n Otto
of utter normal form a in Palermo for
the project and throw pick park
freshwater ecological reserve and
remediation in salina jana care shalini
Annika is located in the coastal
countryside of southern Italy an area
rich in natural resources the site has
suffered continuous degradation through
industrial activity and has been
abandoned the goal of this project is to
recover this damaged area it proposes a
flooded landscape at the mouth of
multiple natural water courses
generating an ecosystem filled with
flora and fauna with a special focus on
migrating birds this process will occur
naturally
the project broadens our thinking
regarding the concept of ruin
constructed artifacts will be integrated
into the process of restoration
connecting nature with the imprints left
by humans the project bold philosophical
posture investigating the roles of
architecture landscape design and urban
planning and their constraints by the
necessity to allow human existence is
greatly appreciated by the wholesome
Awards jury this design proposal is a
manifesto in its own right it offers
strategies for understanding
architecture as a form of action and
symbiotic rapport with nature without
succumbing to romantic and pastoral
notions of the natural and thereby
accepting it's entropic properties the
wholesome Foundation congratulates
everyone involved in this project and
honors this exceptional entry with the
wholesome Awards gold 2014 for Europe
I